We get the health bars in place,
now we want to be able to start a new game and switch from non-game mode to game mode.
Remember we're tracking the current mode here with the game is running property and well, since we do track
it here, it would be a great start to go to the section holding our start new game button and add the v-if
directive here to conditionally show the section or not show it.
We only want to show it if a new game is not running, so if game running is false. In this case I will
show the start new game button, so here I will check if game is running is false,
that's why I have this exclamation mark at the beginning.
On the other hand on the section below, where I have my special buttons, the attack button and so on,
I could now said v-if equals game is running simply to check if this is true or simply check v-else
here,
since the first v-if is placed on a section and the element directly following that is the one we
want to conditionally show if the first condition is not met,
so if this block here is not shown, we can use v-else here to alternate between this section and this
section.
Important,
these have to follow each other and have to be of the same type, so both have to be an element of type
section,
we couldn't use v-else if that were a div, in this case you would have to set up v-if here instead
of using v-else.
So this now
should show the right thing and we can check this if we save it and reload,
now the action buttons are gone,
we only see start new game.
Now of course the button doesn't do anything because we haven't hooked it up but at least we are now
showing the right thing.
Next of course we want to hook up this button so that we can change from
well game is not running to game is running.
Let's do this next.